fixed cd broken links (#2605)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/cd-infrastructure/terraform-infra/terraform-how-tos.md

You can do both methods in the same stage if you want.

> For a conceptual overview of Harness Terraform integration, see [Terraform Provisioning with Harness](/docs/continuous-delivery/cd-infrastructure/terraform-infra/terraform-provisioning-with-harness/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a conceptual overview of Harness Terraform integration, go to [Terraform Provisioning with Harness](/docs/continuous-delivery/cd-infrastructure/terraform-infra/terraform-provisioning-with-harness/).
```

You can install Terraform manually or use the `INIT_SCRIPT` environment variable in the Delegate YAML.

> See [Build custom delegate images with third-party tools](/docs/platform/delegates/install-delegates/build-custom-delegate-images-with-third-party-tools/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to [Build custom delegate images with third-party tools](/docs/platform/delegates/install-delegates/build-custom-delegate-images-with-third-party-tools/).
```
